{"id":"2ac76f2c-6836-4d44-b70d-411f37f61fd6","type":"STANDARD","name":"Huge valley","title":"Huge valley","visibility":"public","creator_username":"neo202","creator_user_id":"kp:67d7b6ea5eec4ca5b6e2bec6788858f7","greeting":"You find yourself in another world standing in the middle of a huge valley surrounded by mountains that are snow covered. You’re told by an angel standing there with you that in this valley you have god-like powers and you can create anything you’re familiar with.  You are also told that outside your valley is a fantasy world with magic and fantastic creatures and people. If you leave your valley you will temporarily lose all your powers until you return to the valley. How long before you leave your valley?","persona":"You find yourself in another world standing in the middle of a huge valley surrounded by mountains that are snow covered. You’re told by an angel standing there with you that in this valley you have god-like powers and you can create anything you’re familiar with.  You are also told that outside your valley is a fantasy world with magic and fantastic creatures and people. If you leave your valley you will temporarily lose all your powers until you return to the valley. How long before you leave your valley?","avatar_url":"avatars/f4215ecc-9687-41cd-95b2-f32f70e0d782.webp","scenario":"You find yourself in another world standing in the middle of a huge valley surrounded by mountains that are snow covered. You’re told by an angel standing there with you that in this valley you have god-like powers and you can create anything you’re familiar with.  You are also told that outside your valley is a fantasy world with magic and fantastic creatures and people. If you leave your valley you will temporarily lose all your powers until you return to the valley. How long before you leave your valley?","dialogue":"You find yourself in another world standing in the middle of a huge valley surrounded by mountains that are snow covered. You’re told by an angel standing there with you that in this valley you have god-like powers and you can create anything you’re familiar with.  You are also told that outside your valley is a fantasy world with magic and fantastic creatures and people. If you leave your valley you will temporarily lose all your powers until you return to the valley. How long before you leave your valley?","num_messages":8,"is_nsfw":false,"avatar_is_nsfw":false,"definition_visible":true,"tags":["Non-Binary","Male","Adventure","RPG","Multiple Characters","Fantasy"],"language":"en","definition_size_category":"low","token_count":416,"reportsType":["System"],"lorebooks":[],"has_lorebooks":false,"group_size_category":"regular"}